1. I had never done much web design before this class, so all the material we have learned in these passed five weeks has been all knew to me. I did create a website for my families brewery but it was through a website using a template basically, it was called Wix. I found this class to be so much more beneficial. From Github, version control and repositories, it was all so new to me. I would love to make my families business website for them using my own creativity now that I know some basic coding. I will definitely be taking more web design classes to learn more about it in depth if it is offered at the University of Montana!

2. I did learn quite a few new things in this class. Interpreting the media, color, and fonts into your website is what makes your website feel more alive and can make it look professional or not by the most simplest change of positions of your font, pictures, etc. I think these three things are a major part of designing your website and I enjoyed learning about all of them to create webpages!

3. My work cycle for my final was that i created all of the files and folders. I added all of my navigations and elements to each page so they would all sync up to each other. I started with the index first and then carried on to the about, contact, and then service pages. Each one of them I formed my body for my pages and then positioned my pictures and text. I then chose my font types and colors. In my contact.html I made sure to put my input elements, contact information, and a map of the location of the brewery as my self hosted part of my webpage. Finally, I completed my README.md and submitted my work to GitHub and Moodle to be graded.
