1. My imaginary client was a owner of an Italian cafe and on their website they wanted to show information about their cafe on their main page and their About Us page. The also wanted to talk about some other things that are happening at their business as well on those pages. They showed some pictures of their delicious coffee and work place around their website. On their contact page they wanted to interact with their customers that go on the site and have them take a survey on what their favorite coffee was. The business contact information and location is on the Contact Us page as well. They had a service page which is basically  a menu of what the cafe has for drinks and food. And finally they had a drop down box for other outside sites to learn about Italy coffee and just coffee in general.

2. A block will always appear to start on a new line in the browser window. Display: inline elements don’t start on a new line, they appear on the same line as the content and tags beside them. Display: inline-block elements are similar to inline elements, except they can have padding and margins added on all four sides.

3. My work cycle for this assignment was that i started with the body of the web page and then went to the navigation part. I then started on the index.html and formed that page with the information and the photo. I then started on the contact page and did the survey and positioned my photos. I then added the contact information and the map. Moving on to the about.html and service.html and continued with the same routine as the index.html. I tweaked the fonts on the web pages lastly. I then completed my README.md and saved it to GitHub and Moodle to be graded.
